Sentence ID: 69
  Translation 1: the past , the company are a good of the company .
  Translation 2: the past , the company are a good of the company .
  Translation 3: the past , the company are a good of the company .

Sentence ID: 252
  Translation 1: the old way , and the cat , and the cat , and the cat , and the cat in the cat , and the cat , and the cat in the cat , and the cat , and the cat in the world .
  Translation 2: the old way , and the cat , and the cat , and the cat , and the cat in the cat , and the cat , and the cat in the cat , and the cat , and the cat in the world .
  Translation 3: the old way , and the cat , and the cat , and the cat , and the cat in the cat , and the cat , and the cat in the cat , and the cat , and the cat in the world .

Sentence ID: 288
  Translation 1: the like had been a trying of his children in his small the world of his face .
  Translation 2: the like had been a trying of his children in his small the world of his face .
  Translation 3: the like had been a trying of his children in his small the world of his face .

Sentence ID: 258
  Translation 1: at least time , he is never to learn to the English , he is never to have a job .
  Translation 2: at least time , he is never to learn to the English , he is never to have a cold .
  Translation 3: at least time , he is never to learn to the English , he is never to have a cold .

Sentence ID: 278
  Translation 1: it &apos;s still Japan to Japan to the other of the other country , and the other are out to understand them .
  Translation 2: it &apos;s still Japan to Japan to the other of the other country , and the other are out to understand them .
  Translation 3: it &apos;s still Japan to Japan to the other of the other country , and the other are out to understand them .

Sentence ID: 146
  Translation 1: the same was really in a really , but the doctor was really , but the doctor was a really doctor .
  Translation 2: the same was really in a really , but the doctor was really , but the doctor was a really doctor .
  Translation 3: the same was really in a really , but the doctor was really , but the doctor was a really doctor .

Sentence ID: 47
  Translation 1: I took a few few hours of a few hours , but I &apos;m looking for a couple and a book and a book .
  Translation 2: I took a few few hours of a few hours , but I &apos;m looking for a couple and a book and a book .
  Translation 3: I took a few few hours of a few hours , but I &apos;m looking for a couple and a book and a book .

Sentence ID: 493
  Translation 1: really sure you can tell me that you have already met me .
  Translation 2: really sure you can &apos;t tell me that you have already met me .
  Translation 3: really sure you can &apos;t tell me that you have ever met me .

Sentence ID: 481
  Translation 1: this dress is out of the mind , but I don &apos;t think this is it to him .
  Translation 2: this dress is out of the mind , but I don &apos;t think this is it to him .
  Translation 3: this dress is out of the mind , but I don &apos;t think this is it to him .

Sentence ID: 26
  Translation 1: I never had a only one I would have a only one of a alone to get a out of cake .
  Translation 2: I never had a only one I would have a only one of a alone to get a out of cake .
  Translation 3: I never had a only one I would have a only one of a alone to get a out of the a new of the a new one of the a new one of the a new one of the a new one of the a new one of the a new of course .

Sentence ID: 147
  Translation 1: he doesn &apos;t know how to solve the problem .
  Translation 2: he doesn &apos;t know how to solve the problem .
  Translation 3: he doesn &apos;t know how to solve the problem in the problem .

Sentence ID: 103
  Translation 1: how can you be careful with the world when the world !
  Translation 2: how can you be careful with the world when the world is so well !
  Translation 3: how can you be careful with the world when the world &apos;s himself !

Sentence ID: 52
  Translation 1: when I turn to the world .
  Translation 2: when I turn to the world .
  Translation 3: when I turn to the world , I &apos;ve always had the world before the future of the meeting .

Sentence ID: 94
  Translation 1: to be a true game of the game of information , he must have to play himself .
  Translation 2: to be a true game of the game of information , he must have to play himself .
  Translation 3: to be a true game of the game of information , he must have to play with him .

Sentence ID: 215
  Translation 1: after the death of her parents found his parents and his parents .
  Translation 2: after the death of her parents put his parents and the death .
  Translation 3: after the death of her parents put his parents and the death .

Sentence ID: 66
  Translation 1: a cat a cat a cat .
  Translation 2: a cat a cat a cat .
  Translation 3: a cat a cat a cat a cat .

Sentence ID: 39
  Translation 1: he had the kitchen of the money , so they &apos;ve decided to walk him .
  Translation 2: he had the kitchen of the money , so they &apos;ve decided to walk him .
  Translation 3: he had the kitchen of the money , so they &apos;ve decided to walk him .

Sentence ID: 486
  Translation 1: .
  Translation 2: .
  Translation 3: I read that the fact &apos;s read is a woman .

Sentence ID: 234
  Translation 1: my mother friend in my house and she went to the house .
  Translation 2: my mother friend in my house and she came to the house .
  Translation 3: my mother friend in my house and she got home .

Sentence ID: 107
  Translation 1: .
  Translation 2: Tom , who is in happy anything to do that .
  Translation 3: Tom , who is in happy anything to do anything .

Sentence ID: 35
  Translation 1: .
  Translation 2: I &apos;m looking on my old friends in the party of the party .
  Translation 3: I &apos;m looking on my old friends in the party of the party of the other day .

Sentence ID: 204
  Translation 1: in this time there is no place , there is no better than here .
  Translation 2: in this time there are no place , there is no better than here .
  Translation 3: in this time there is no place , there are no better than here .

Sentence ID: 226
  Translation 1: Tom doesn &apos;t have enough money to buy everything to buy everything .
  Translation 2: Tom doesn &apos;t have enough money to buy everything .
  Translation 3: Tom didn &apos;t have enough money to buy everything he need .

Sentence ID: 136
  Translation 1: &quot; he died or &quot; or &quot; , &quot; he is life or &quot; .
  Translation 2: &quot; he died or &quot; or &quot; , &quot; he is life or &quot; .
  Translation 3: &quot; he died or &quot; or &quot; , &quot; he is life or &quot; .

Sentence ID: 85
  Translation 1: it &apos;s sure that it &apos;s sure that it &apos;s what to work to work .
  Translation 2: it &apos;s sure that it &apos;s sure that it &apos;s what to work to work .
  Translation 3: it &apos;s sure that it &apos;s sure that it &apos;s what to work to work to work .

Sentence ID: 373
  Translation 1: I &apos;m sorry of not you when you need to ask .
  Translation 2: I &apos;m sorry I didn &apos;t have you to help you when you need .
  Translation 3: I &apos;m sorry of not you when you had to ask .

Sentence ID: 61
  Translation 1: the girls did their &quot; to have a trip to make a trip for this summer .
  Translation 2: the girls did their &quot; to have a trip to make a trip for this summer .
  Translation 3: the girls did their &quot; to have a trip to make a trip for this was .

Sentence ID: 67
  Translation 1: what &apos;s something good ?
  Translation 2: what &apos;s something good ?
  Translation 3: are there any thing ?

Sentence ID: 414
  Translation 1: I can teach you a little money , if you need .
  Translation 2: I can make you a little money , if you need .
  Translation 3: I can see you a little money , if you need .

Sentence ID: 194
  Translation 1: animals can &apos;t do what &apos;s true .
  Translation 2: animals can &apos;t do what &apos;s true .
  Translation 3: animals can &apos;t do this who is true .

Sentence ID: 230
  Translation 1: Tom doesn &apos;t put the company and the girls in the room .
  Translation 2: Tom doesn &apos;t put the company and the girls in the room .
  Translation 3: Tom doesn &apos;t put the company and the girls in the room .

Sentence ID: 297
  Translation 1: the last thing I want to do it .
  Translation 2: the last thing I want to do that .
  Translation 3: the last thing I want to do that I want to do .

Sentence ID: 384
  Translation 1: all you have to do , it &apos;s learn to do this sentence .
  Translation 2: all you must do that , it &apos;s learn to do this sentence .
  Translation 3: all you have to do , this is to do that sentence .

Sentence ID: 88
  Translation 1: thanks to this book , I learned this book .
  Translation 2: for this book , I learned this book .
  Translation 3: thanks to the book , I learned this book , I learned things on that book .

Sentence ID: 420
  Translation 1: this is the house in the house when he was a child .
  Translation 2: that &apos;s the house in the house when he was a child .
  Translation 3: it &apos;s the house in the house when he was a child .

Sentence ID: 379
  Translation 1: &quot; were you what I &apos;ve got ?
  Translation 2: &quot; what age do you have any years ?
  Translation 3: &quot; were you what I &apos;ve got ? &quot;

Sentence ID: 355
  Translation 1: there is really no right to you go to Boston .
  Translation 2: there is really nothing to you to go to Boston .
  Translation 3: there are really no reason you have to go to Boston .

Sentence ID: 260
  Translation 1: I like English , but I can &apos;t talk well .
  Translation 2: I love English , but I can &apos;t talk well .
  Translation 3: I like English , but I can &apos;t talk to it .

Sentence ID: 361
  Translation 1: it &apos;s looking for a hard of life of life in the small of the very kind of the &apos;m .
  Translation 2: it &apos;s looking for a hard of life of life in the small of the very kind of the &apos;m .
  Translation 3: it &apos;s looking for a hard of life of life in the small of the very kind of the &apos;m .

Sentence ID: 83
  Translation 1: is it possible to have a day ?
  Translation 2: is it possible to buy a day ?
  Translation 3: is it possible to buy a day ?

Sentence ID: 449
  Translation 1: let &apos;s often have often married with the eyes of his eyes .
  Translation 2: let &apos;s often have often married with the eyes of his eyes .
  Translation 3: let &apos;s often have often married with the eyes of eyes with eyes .

Sentence ID: 162
  Translation 1: I can &apos;t make anything , but I &apos;m going to do with my best .
  Translation 2: I can &apos;t remember anything , but I &apos;m going to do with my best .
  Translation 3: I can &apos;t help anything , but I &apos;m going to do with my best .

Sentence ID: 327
  Translation 1: you should choose one job with your job and your opinion .
  Translation 2: you should choose one job with your job and your opinion .
  Translation 3: you should choose for a job with your opinion and your opinion .

Sentence ID: 98
  Translation 1: he doesn &apos;t like going to go to the morning to do something to do something .
  Translation 2: he doesn &apos;t like to go to bed until the morning to do something to do something .
  Translation 3: he doesn &apos;t like to go to bed until the morning to do something to do something .

Sentence ID: 203
  Translation 1: Oh , I don &apos;t have done what I &apos;m going to do .
  Translation 2: Oh , I don &apos;t have decided what I &apos;m going to do .
  Translation 3: Oh , I don &apos;t have yet decided what I &apos;m going to do .

Sentence ID: 25
  Translation 1: this is not so where the snow that the only one who will get him to me .
  Translation 2: this is not so where the snow that the only one who will get him to me .
  Translation 3: this is not so where the snow that the only one who will get him to me .

Sentence ID: 268
  Translation 1: he doesn &apos;t like going to go to the morning to do something to do something .
  Translation 2: he doesn &apos;t like to go to bed until the morning to do something to do something .
  Translation 3: he doesn &apos;t like to go to bed until the morning to do something to do something .

Sentence ID: 435
  Translation 1: I guess it &apos;s all that you &apos;re thinking of long .
  Translation 2: I suppose it &apos;s where you &apos;re thinking of to long .
  Translation 3: I guess it &apos;s where you &apos;re thinking of to long .

Sentence ID: 308
  Translation 1: you must be a man , she was a famous she was a better .
  Translation 2: you must be a man , she was a famous she was a better .
  Translation 3: you must be a man , she was a famous she was a famous .

Sentence ID: 246
  Translation 1: what is that really good ?
  Translation 2: what &apos;s that good , really ?
  Translation 3: what &apos;s this good , really ?

Sentence ID: 7
  Translation 1: his house is on his house in the station ?
  Translation 2: his house is in his house way to the station ?
  Translation 3: his house is in his house about the station ?

Sentence ID: 296
  Translation 1: is your car on the end of this car ?
  Translation 2: is your car on the wrong of this car ?
  Translation 3: is your car on the wrong of this car ?

Sentence ID: 353
  Translation 1: there &apos;s something I must have to do something alone .
  Translation 2: there is something I must have to do something alone .
  Translation 3: there are something I must have to do something alone .

Sentence ID: 255
  Translation 1: how many students are there in your class ?
  Translation 2: how many people are there in your class ?
  Translation 3: how many people are there in your class ?

Sentence ID: 262
  Translation 1: she took the most more than the most who is everyone to everyone .
  Translation 2: she took the most more than the most who is everyone to everyone .
  Translation 3: she took the most more than the most who is everyone to everyone .

Sentence ID: 462
  Translation 1: how many times are there in your house ?
  Translation 2: how many paper are there in your house ?
  Translation 3: how many countries are there in your house ?

Sentence ID: 205
  Translation 1: there are a lot of girls in the town .
  Translation 2: there are a lot of all in the town .
  Translation 3: there are a lot of good in the town .

Sentence ID: 302
  Translation 1: I can &apos;t leave you to go there alone .
  Translation 2: I can &apos;t leave you going to go there alone .
  Translation 3: I can &apos;t tell you there .

Sentence ID: 391
  Translation 1: I have no idea what we &apos;re supposed to do .
  Translation 2: I have no idea what we &apos;re going to do .
  Translation 3: I have no idea what we are to do .

Sentence ID: 257
  Translation 1: if you don &apos;t have any other , they can &apos;t get married .
  Translation 2: if you don &apos;t have any other , they can &apos;t get married .
  Translation 3: if you don &apos;t have any other , they can &apos;t get up .

Sentence ID: 366
  Translation 1: the most day of the most language is &quot; rich .
  Translation 2: the most day of the most language is &quot; rich . &quot;
  Translation 3: the most day of the most language is &quot; Japanese .

Sentence ID: 465
  Translation 1: the floor was the last person to leave the last person to leave the last person .
  Translation 2: the floor was the last person to leave the last person to leave the last person .
  Translation 3: the floor was the last person to leave the last person to leave the last person .

Sentence ID: 488
  Translation 1: I &apos;ve already done the of what must be done .
  Translation 2: I &apos;ve already done the of what needs to be done .
  Translation 3: I &apos;ve already done the most of what needs to be done .

Sentence ID: 324
  Translation 1: I didn &apos;t know why I had been to do that .
  Translation 2: I didn &apos;t know why I had been waiting for that .
  Translation 3: I didn &apos;t know why I had been waiting for that .

Sentence ID: 382
  Translation 1: do you want to come , or do you want to see them ?
  Translation 2: do you want to come , or do you want to see them ?
  Translation 3: do you want to come , or do you want me to see them ?

Sentence ID: 423
  Translation 1: I think it &apos;s time .
  Translation 2: I think it &apos;s time for that I &apos;ll let it .
  Translation 3: I think it &apos;s time to do that I &apos;ll do that .

Sentence ID: 471
  Translation 1: &quot; were you what you did ?
  Translation 2: &quot; were you what you did ? &quot;
  Translation 3: &quot; what age do you have ?

Sentence ID: 90
  Translation 1: there was still too much to get out of his clothes in his own .
  Translation 2: there was still too much to get out of his clothes in his own .
  Translation 3: there was still too much to get out of his clothes in his own .

Sentence ID: 199
  Translation 1: the want of the only time at least once a day .
  Translation 2: the want of the only time at least a day .
  Translation 3: the want has been going to the sun at least once a day .

Sentence ID: 485
  Translation 1: I &apos;m sorry , I couldn &apos;t hear you .
  Translation 2: I &apos;m sorry , I didn &apos;t hear you hear .
  Translation 3: I &apos;m sorry , I don &apos;t hear you .

Sentence ID: 478
  Translation 1: what do you say to tell me for me ?
  Translation 2: what do you say to tell me ?
  Translation 3: what do you say to tell me to for me ?

Sentence ID: 422
  Translation 1: Tom play tennis the tennis after three times three week .
  Translation 2: Tom play tennis the tennis after three times three week .
  Translation 3: Tom play tennis after the world after three times a week .

Sentence ID: 330
  Translation 1: I &apos;ve never seen my cat out of this cat .
  Translation 2: I &apos;ve never seen my cat out of that cat .
  Translation 3: I never seen my cat out of this cat .

Sentence ID: 242
  Translation 1: he is what she will be French in school .
  Translation 2: he is what she will be French in school .
  Translation 3: he is what she will be French in school .

Sentence ID: 183
  Translation 1: this word is a name and the time to the time .
  Translation 2: this word is a name , and this word and the time .
  Translation 3: this word is a name , and this word and the time to the time .

Sentence ID: 112
  Translation 1: those who have the hair hair a lot of hair .
  Translation 2: those who have the hair hair a lot of hair .
  Translation 3: those who did the hair have a great hair .

Sentence ID: 318
  Translation 1: he made the the police in the meeting in love with him .
  Translation 2: he made the the police in the meeting in love with him .
  Translation 3: he made the the police in the meeting in love with him .

Sentence ID: 160
  Translation 1: I can go to school in ten minutes .
  Translation 2: I can go to school in ten minutes minutes .
  Translation 3: I can go to school in ten ten minutes .

Sentence ID: 452
  Translation 1: I can &apos;t believe you can believe that he would be quiet .
  Translation 2: I can &apos;t believe you can believe that he would be hurt .
  Translation 3: I can &apos;t believe you can believe that he will be that .

Sentence ID: 259
  Translation 1: one way a way of way , it was a complete day .
  Translation 2: one way a way of way , it was a complete day .
  Translation 3: one way of a way way , it was a complete day .

Sentence ID: 418
  Translation 1: many students were going to try on the way of class .
  Translation 2: many students were going to try on the way of class .
  Translation 3: don &apos;t try to try to the hospital of the class .

Sentence ID: 254
  Translation 1: you have to have much time to be a lot of questions for you to be a a little .
  Translation 2: you have to have much time to be a lot of questions for you to be a a little .
  Translation 3: you have to have much time to be a lot of questions for you to be a a little .

Sentence ID: 444
  Translation 1: seen from a big day , the girls looks like a big read .
  Translation 2: a nice day , the girls looks like a big read .
  Translation 3: a nice day , the girls looks like a big read .

Sentence ID: 182
  Translation 1: I bought this car if I &apos;ve bought this car .
  Translation 2: I bought this car if I &apos;ve bought that car .
  Translation 3: I bought this car if I had seen this car .

Sentence ID: 104
  Translation 1: &quot; look , one !
  Translation 2: &quot; look , a man !
  Translation 3: &quot; look , a man ! &quot;

Sentence ID: 467
  Translation 1: I learned how to play the end of ten years old .
  Translation 2: I learned how to play the police of ten years old .
  Translation 3: I learned how to play the police of ten years old .

Sentence ID: 349
  Translation 1: he said that we had to do that .
  Translation 2: he said that we said to do that .
  Translation 3: he said that we didn &apos;t have to do that .

Sentence ID: 292
  Translation 1: &quot; heart , &quot; and &quot; &quot; like &quot; the same !
  Translation 2: &quot; heart , &quot; and &quot; &quot; like &quot; the same !
  Translation 3: &quot; heart , &quot; and &quot; &quot; like &quot; the same ! &quot;

Sentence ID: 166
  Translation 1: I &apos;m looking at my grandmother .
  Translation 2: .
  Translation 3: .

Sentence ID: 152
  Translation 1: I &apos;ve always always a good way to get a good of my bad in my own .
  Translation 2: I &apos;ve always always a good way to get a good of my bad in my own .
  Translation 3: I &apos;ve always always a good way to get a good of my bad in my own .

Sentence ID: 77
  Translation 1: he is the new day of the mountain of France .
  Translation 2: he is the new day of the mountain of France in France .
  Translation 3: he is the new day of the mountain of the mountain of France .

Sentence ID: 50
  Translation 1: please have to take a meeting three times a day .
  Translation 2: please have to take a meeting three times a day .
  Translation 3: please do you have a use three times a day .

Sentence ID: 404
  Translation 1: seen from the seen , this girls looks very beautiful .
  Translation 2: seen from the seen , this girls looks very beautiful .
  Translation 3: seen from the seen , this watch looks very beautiful .

Sentence ID: 491
  Translation 1: I heard that you were good French in French .
  Translation 2: I heard that you were good in French .
  Translation 3: I heard you were good French in French .

Sentence ID: 143
  Translation 1: I saw you at the TV of times .
  Translation 2: I saw you at the TV of time .
  Translation 3: I saw you on the TV .

Sentence ID: 176
  Translation 1: Tom is afraid of the company Tom of the money .
  Translation 2: Tom is afraid of the company Tom of the money .
  Translation 3: Tom is afraid of the company Tom of the money of the money .

Sentence ID: 196
  Translation 1: you must take you care of your dog .
  Translation 2: you must take you for your dog .
  Translation 3: you must take your dog to your dog .

Sentence ID: 313
  Translation 1: you can &apos;t tell you more in your coffee .
  Translation 2: you can &apos;t tell you more in your place .
  Translation 3: you can &apos;t tell you more in your age .

Sentence ID: 314
  Translation 1: this movie is so where that the movie is so he &apos;s
  Translation 2: this movie is so where that the movie is so he &apos;s
  Translation 3: this movie is so where the movie is so know that he is .

Sentence ID: 321
  Translation 1: are you sure you don &apos;t need to happen .
  Translation 2: are you sure you don &apos;t need to do .
  Translation 3: are you sure you don &apos;t have any ?

Sentence ID: 354
  Translation 1: how is the time where you think of you ?
  Translation 2: how is the time where you do that ?
  Translation 3: how is the time where you think you &apos;re thinking ?

Sentence ID: 436
  Translation 1: it &apos;s one , isn &apos;t it ?
  Translation 2: that &apos;s one , isn &apos;t it ?
  Translation 3: it &apos;s a difference , isn &apos;t it ?

Sentence ID: 442
  Translation 1: they can &apos;t tell me what I want to do .
  Translation 2: they can &apos;t help me what I want to do .
  Translation 3: they can &apos;t help me what I want .

Sentence ID: 18
  Translation 1: he decided to wash his mind to this children .
  Translation 2: he decided to buy his children in this room .
  Translation 3: he decided to wash his mind to this room .

Sentence ID: 332
  Translation 1: what does she bought at this store ?
  Translation 2: what does she bought on this store ?
  Translation 3: what does she bought at the store ?

Sentence ID: 290
  Translation 1: is I use this paper ?
  Translation 2: did I use this paper ?
  Translation 3: does I use this paper ?

Sentence ID: 118
  Translation 1: Tom said everything he knew all to the police .
  Translation 2: Tom told everything he knew all to the police .
  Translation 3: Tom said everything he knew anything about the police .

Sentence ID: 113
  Translation 1: you were afraid , isn &apos;t you ?
  Translation 2: you was afraid , isn &apos;t you ?
  Translation 3: you were afraid , didn &apos;t you ?

Sentence ID: 95
  Translation 1: I had to have my car to find my car .
  Translation 2: I had to have my car to find my car on a place .
  Translation 3: I had to find my car to find my car on a place .

Sentence ID: 30
  Translation 1: the little girl is nothing more than anything .
  Translation 2: the small girl is nothing more than anything .
  Translation 3: the little girl didn &apos;t have any other than cry .

Sentence ID: 445
  Translation 1: do you have any house ?
  Translation 2: do you have any of what you have to have a teacher ?
  Translation 3: do you have any of what you &apos;ve got in least years ?

Sentence ID: 248
  Translation 1: .
  Translation 2: .
  Translation 3: .

Sentence ID: 57
  Translation 1: let &apos;s go to be called , but and get out of course .
  Translation 2: let &apos;s go to be called , but and get out of up .
  Translation 3: let &apos;s go to be called , but and get out of the other .

Sentence ID: 36
  Translation 1: what did you have dinner ?
  Translation 2: what did you find dinner ?
  Translation 3: what do you do after dinner ?

Sentence ID: 424
  Translation 1: why are you going to get so bit ?
  Translation 2: why are you going to help me if you want so bit ?
  Translation 3: why are you going to help you if you want so bit ?

Sentence ID: 165
  Translation 1: my father won &apos;t be afraid of that father &apos;s doing
  Translation 2: my father won &apos;t be afraid of that father &apos;s doing .
  Translation 3: my father won &apos;t eat so much as it is .

Sentence ID: 142
  Translation 1: in the work , he went to the work , he went to bed .
  Translation 2: in the work , he went to the work , he went to bed .
  Translation 3: in the job , he went to the work , he went to bed .

Sentence ID: 159
  Translation 1: you won &apos;t tell me you don &apos;t talk to me like that .
  Translation 2: you won &apos;t tell me you won &apos;t talk to me like that .
  Translation 3: you won &apos;t tell me you don &apos;t tell me like that .

Sentence ID: 167
  Translation 1: I don &apos;t know where to go , or what to do .
  Translation 2: I don &apos;t know where to go , what to do .
  Translation 3: I don &apos;t know where I didn &apos;t know where to do .

Sentence ID: 437
  Translation 1: the mine is in the eyes of the eyes who &apos;s eyes .
  Translation 2: the pay of mine is in the eyes who &apos;s eyes .
  Translation 3: the pay of mine is in the eyes of this eyes who is .

Sentence ID: 392
  Translation 1: Tom doesn &apos;t want the same thing .
  Translation 2: Tom doesn &apos;t want to want the same thing .
  Translation 3: Tom doesn &apos;t want the same thing to happen .

Sentence ID: 369
  Translation 1: don &apos;t need to do this sentence .
  Translation 2: don &apos;t need to make this sentence .
  Translation 3: don &apos;t need to take this sentence .

Sentence ID: 294
  Translation 1: I was too tired to live in the eyes .
  Translation 2: I was too tired to live in the eyes .
  Translation 3: I was too tired to the eyes in the eyes .

Sentence ID: 266
  Translation 1: she took the floor of the kitchen of a words .
  Translation 2: she took the floor of the kitchen of a words .
  Translation 3: she took the floor of the kitchen with a words .

Sentence ID: 249
  Translation 1: the one of this hat has been trying to get up .
  Translation 2: the one of this hat has been trying to get up .
  Translation 3: the one of this hat has been trying to get up .

Sentence ID: 181
  Translation 1: it must be the morning , but it must be the morning .
  Translation 2: it must be the morning , because it must be the morning .
  Translation 3: it must be the morning , but it must be the morning of it .

Sentence ID: 53
  Translation 1: I wanted to know why you &apos;re not wanted .
  Translation 2: I wanted to know why you &apos;re not going to know why you &apos;re not in yesterday .
  Translation 3: I wanted to know why you &apos;re not going to know why you &apos;re not at yesterday .

Sentence ID: 1
  Translation 1: I &apos;m afraid you won &apos;t go to the right place .
  Translation 2: I &apos;m afraid that you don &apos;t go to the right place .
  Translation 3: .

Sentence ID: 426
  Translation 1: someone must have a lot of the news of his mother .
  Translation 2: someone must have a lot of the news of his mother .
  Translation 3: someone must have a lot of the news to his mother .

Sentence ID: 460
  Translation 1: I saw the most of my life of my life .
  Translation 2: I took the most of my life of my life .
  Translation 3: I took the most of my life in Boston .

Sentence ID: 148
  Translation 1: my grandmother is in my grandmother in my heart .
  Translation 2: my grandmother is in my grandmother in my heart .
  Translation 3: my grandmother &apos;s in my grandmother in my heart .

Sentence ID: 191
  Translation 1: I &apos;m looking for what he said in French .
  Translation 2: I &apos;m looking for what he said in French .
  Translation 3: I &apos;m looking after what he said in French .

Sentence ID: 229
  Translation 1: I love him well .
  Translation 2: I like him well .
  Translation 3: I love him well . it &apos;s a good question .

Sentence ID: 247
  Translation 1: I appreciate you &apos;re time to see me .
  Translation 2: I appreciate you need to see me .
  Translation 3: I appreciate you need to see me .

Sentence ID: 289
  Translation 1: how many time are you going to stay in Boston ?
  Translation 2: how many time do you have to stay in Boston ?
  Translation 3: how many time do you want to stay in Boston ?

Sentence ID: 342
  Translation 1: a little is a bit more than a little one is a little one of a little one is a little one .
  Translation 2: a little is a bit more than a little one is a little one of a little one is a little one .
  Translation 3: a little is a bit more than a little one is a little one of a little one is a little one .

Sentence ID: 396
  Translation 1: he is lucky to the work on his job .
  Translation 2: he is lucky to get his work on his work .
  Translation 3: he is lucky to get his work on his work .

Sentence ID: 48
  Translation 1: children have a lunch to get a on the beach .
  Translation 2: children have a lunch to get a him on the beach .
  Translation 3: children have a lunch to get a there on the beach .

Sentence ID: 28
  Translation 1: I learned French before the French before to go to bed .
  Translation 2: I learned French before the French before going to go .
  Translation 3: I learned French before I learned French before to go to bed .

Sentence ID: 499
  Translation 1: he has no longer more than usual .
  Translation 2: he has no longer more than usual .
  Translation 3: he has no longer more than usual to get out of the other .

Sentence ID: 468
  Translation 1: I wonder where Tom and Mary are married .
  Translation 2: I wonder where Tom and Mary are married .
  Translation 3: I wonder where Tom and Mary are come .

Sentence ID: 312
  Translation 1: what have you done with your camera ?
  Translation 2: what did you do with your camera with your camera ?
  Translation 3: what did you have done with your camera ?

Sentence ID: 282
  Translation 1: .
  Translation 2: I found this , but I haven &apos;t seen it , but I saw nobody .
  Translation 3: I found this , but I haven &apos;t seen it , but I saw anyone .

Sentence ID: 281
  Translation 1: it won &apos;t do anything with Tom .
  Translation 2: it won &apos;t do anything about Tom with Tom .
  Translation 3: there is nothing to do anything about Tom .

Sentence ID: 233
  Translation 1: I can &apos;t help me from there .
  Translation 2: I can &apos;t help me of there .
  Translation 3: I can &apos;t help me for there .

Sentence ID: 222
  Translation 1: Tom has waiting to never do that anymore .
  Translation 2: Tom has waiting to make never do that anymore .
  Translation 3: Tom has asked Tom to never do that anymore .

Sentence ID: 178
  Translation 1: all you must do it is wait .
  Translation 2: all you have to do that is wait .
  Translation 3: all you must do that is wait .

Sentence ID: 29
  Translation 1: you &apos;re up , isn &apos;t you ?
  Translation 2: you &apos;re born , isn &apos;t you ?
  Translation 3: you &apos;re up , don &apos;t you ?

Sentence ID: 21
  Translation 1: I &apos;m happy , because you &apos;re happy .
  Translation 2: I &apos;m happy , because you &apos;re happy , because you &apos;re happy here .
  Translation 3: I &apos;m happy , because you &apos;re happy , because you &apos;re here .

Sentence ID: 19
  Translation 1: the company has been going to the end of the looking .
  Translation 2: the company has been going to the end of the looking .
  Translation 3: the company has been going to the end of the looking .

Sentence ID: 4
  Translation 1: he is taller than all the others .
  Translation 2: he is more than all the other day .
  Translation 3: he is more than more than all the others .

Sentence ID: 340
  Translation 1: mother is a mother of him to do a cake .
  Translation 2: mother is him to make a cake .
  Translation 3: mother is him to do a cake .

Sentence ID: 236
  Translation 1: did I pay something morning ?
  Translation 2: did I get something something , this morning ?
  Translation 3: do I have any hands something , this morning ?

Sentence ID: 179
  Translation 1: what &apos;s this time ?
  Translation 2: what does it , this time ?
  Translation 3: what &apos;s this time to happen ?

Sentence ID: 158
  Translation 1: let &apos;s go to the church .
  Translation 2: let &apos;s go to the station .
  Translation 3: let &apos;s go to the park .

Sentence ID: 11
  Translation 1: does it have a movie of a movie ?
  Translation 2: is there a movie of a movie .
  Translation 3: is there a movie of a movie .

Sentence ID: 431
  Translation 1: what are there as ?
  Translation 2: what is there as ?
  Translation 3: what do he like to happen ?

Sentence ID: 334
  Translation 1: Tom wants to really a lot of girlfriend .
  Translation 2: Tom wants to really a lot of girlfriend .
  Translation 3: Tom doesn &apos;t look really a lot of a lot .

Sentence ID: 127
  Translation 1: does someone heard me ?
  Translation 2: is someone heard me ?
  Translation 3: someone has heard me ?

Sentence ID: 489
  Translation 1: the boy tried to let the boy of the boy .
  Translation 2: the boy met the boy of the boy has tried to see him .
  Translation 3: the boy met the boy of the boy has tried to get him .

Sentence ID: 129
  Translation 1: I think we &apos;re all a little bit .
  Translation 2: I think we &apos;re all a little bit of
  Translation 3: I think we &apos;re all a bit bit .

Sentence ID: 469
  Translation 1: he will find his father all of his father all of it .
  Translation 2: he will find his father all of his father all of it .
  Translation 3: he will find his father all of his father all of the place .

Sentence ID: 429
  Translation 1: I &apos;d like you to get up like a job .
  Translation 2: I &apos;d like you to get up like a job .
  Translation 3: I &apos;d like you to leave me like a job .

Sentence ID: 96
  Translation 1: all the trip , the trip out of the trip .
  Translation 2: all the trip , the trip out of the trip the trip .
  Translation 3: all the trip , the trip , the trip out of dollars .

Sentence ID: 425
  Translation 1: .
  Translation 2: I worked hard , but I don &apos;t buy anything about you .
  Translation 3: I worked hard , but I don &apos;t have any other .

Sentence ID: 406
  Translation 1: it &apos;s what I &apos;m trying to do you .
  Translation 2: that &apos;s what I &apos;m trying to do you .
  Translation 3: this is what I wonder to do .

Sentence ID: 352
  Translation 1: this kind of living is going to be able to be careful .
  Translation 2: this kind of living is going to be able to be careful .
  Translation 3: this kind of living is going to be able to be careful .

Sentence ID: 346
  Translation 1: she doesn &apos;t have a right now .
  Translation 2: she doesn &apos;t have to get you right now .
  Translation 3: she didn &apos;t try to get you right now .

Sentence ID: 329
  Translation 1: what do you think we &apos;ll come home ?
  Translation 2: what are you going to come home ?
  Translation 3: what do you say we &apos;ll come home ?

Sentence ID: 177
  Translation 1: we never never know the truth on his death
  Translation 2: we never know the truth on his death
  Translation 3: we &apos;ll never know the truth on his death

Sentence ID: 172
  Translation 1: you &apos;re going to see you to talk to talk about French .
  Translation 2: you &apos;re going to see you to talk to talk about it .
  Translation 3: you &apos;re going to see you to speak to talk about it .

Sentence ID: 100
  Translation 1: she must have a room with her sister .
  Translation 2: she should have a room with her sister .
  Translation 3: she must have an room with her sister .

Sentence ID: 105
  Translation 1: you can &apos;t buy it buy , buy you buy this last year .
  Translation 2: you can &apos;t buy it buy , buy you buy this last year .
  Translation 3: you can &apos;t buy it buy , buy you buy this new without .

Sentence ID: 123
  Translation 1: Tom left that he didn &apos;t see him .
  Translation 2: Tom left that he didn &apos;t see him wasn &apos;t seen it .
  Translation 3: Tom left that he didn &apos;t see him he had no seen .

Sentence ID: 170
  Translation 1: we were glad on a look in the park .
  Translation 2: we were glad on a look in the park .
  Translation 3: we were early on a look in the park .

Sentence ID: 185
  Translation 1: I think you should take a look here .
  Translation 2: I think you should take a look here .
  Translation 3: I think you should get a look here .

Sentence ID: 303
  Translation 1: don &apos;t tell you not . it &apos;s hurt .
  Translation 2: don &apos;t tell you not . it &apos;s completely hard .
  Translation 3: don &apos;t tell you not . it &apos;s completely hard .

Sentence ID: 372
  Translation 1: you should go to the same all day .
  Translation 2: you should go to the same all day .
  Translation 3: you should see you at all day .

Sentence ID: 385
  Translation 1: you can &apos;t go out to that .
  Translation 2: you can &apos;t get out of that .
  Translation 3: you can &apos;t go out to this .

Sentence ID: 497
  Translation 1: I need to know your answer for your answer .
  Translation 2: I need to know your answer to know your answer .
  Translation 3: I need to know your answer for that answer .

Sentence ID: 41
  Translation 1: this is on what we got on our
  Translation 2: this is on what we got on our
  Translation 3: this is on what we got on our

Sentence ID: 49
  Translation 1: what did he do you ?
  Translation 2: what did he have done ?
  Translation 3: what did it do you ?

Sentence ID: 82
  Translation 1: can you read what it said ?
  Translation 2: can you read what that said ?
  Translation 3: can you read what that told you ?

Sentence ID: 106
  Translation 1: do you remember her phone number ?
  Translation 2: do you remember his phone number ?
  Translation 3: do you remember his phone phone number ?

Sentence ID: 155
  Translation 1: what &apos;s the phone of today ?
  Translation 2: what &apos;s the key of today ?
  Translation 3: what &apos;s the done of the matter of the today ?

Sentence ID: 175
  Translation 1: Tom married the hair every day .
  Translation 2: Tom gets married every hair every day .
  Translation 3: Tom is called his hair every day .

Sentence ID: 240
  Translation 1: it &apos;s not a cup of mine .
  Translation 2: it &apos;s not a cup of mine .
  Translation 3: it &apos;s not a cup of paper .

Sentence ID: 328
  Translation 1: you &apos;d better start now .
  Translation 2: you &apos;d better do anything right now .
  Translation 3: you &apos;d better talk to everybody right now .

Sentence ID: 440
  Translation 1: you &apos;re not as small than me .
  Translation 2: you &apos;re not so small than me .
  Translation 3: you &apos;re not kind of me .

Sentence ID: 448
  Translation 1: the show out out of them .
  Translation 2: the show out out of them .
  Translation 3: the key will not take the same of the give .

Sentence ID: 34
  Translation 1: I know I can do that I can go more quickly .
  Translation 2: I know I can go more quickly .
  Translation 3: I know I can go more quickly more .

Sentence ID: 37
  Translation 1: do you have the help with you ?
  Translation 2: do you have the use with you ?
  Translation 3: do you have the use with you ?

Sentence ID: 59
  Translation 1: I told him not to leave him .
  Translation 2: I told him not to tell him not .
  Translation 3: I told him not to go .

Sentence ID: 86
  Translation 1: I know you want to go home .
  Translation 2: I know you want to go home at home .
  Translation 3: I know you want to get home home .

Sentence ID: 125
  Translation 1: do you have already seen the floor ?
  Translation 2: do you have already seen the floor ?
  Translation 3: do you have already seen the floor of the that ?

Sentence ID: 40
  Translation 1: why don &apos;t you done it ?
  Translation 2: why didn &apos;t you done it ?
  Translation 3: why didn &apos;t you have done ?

Sentence ID: 371
  Translation 1: I think I think Tom &apos;s sleeping .
  Translation 2: I think I think it &apos;s afraid of the floor .
  Translation 3: I think I think it &apos;s afraid of the floor .

Sentence ID: 317
  Translation 1: his mother would have to get up with his eyes with the United
  Translation 2: his mother would have to get up with his eyes with the United
  Translation 3: his mother would have to get up with his eyes with the United

Sentence ID: 315
  Translation 1: I thought you can be maybe .
  Translation 2: I thought you can be maybe that .
  Translation 3: I thought you might be able to be quiet .

Sentence ID: 300
  Translation 1: she &apos;s sleeping .
  Translation 2: she &apos;s wash the car .
  Translation 3: she is wash the car .

Sentence ID: 174
  Translation 1: do you like me ?
  Translation 2: ?
  Translation 3: is it me that you &apos;ll come ?

Sentence ID: 111
  Translation 1: what are you going to do ?
  Translation 2: what are you doing ?
  Translation 3: what are you trying to do ?

Sentence ID: 58
  Translation 1: everybody had a good year last year .
  Translation 2: everyone was a good year last year .
  Translation 3: everyone had been a good year last year .

Sentence ID: 463
  Translation 1: my little friend was crying .
  Translation 2: my little was crying .
  Translation 3: my little friend was cry to cry .

Sentence ID: 451
  Translation 1: is this hurt ?
  Translation 2: is this company is free ?
  Translation 3: is this company is free ?

Sentence ID: 132
  Translation 1: what are you going to write ?
  Translation 2: what are you watching ?
  Translation 3: what are you talking to ?

Sentence ID: 114
  Translation 1: is it your bicycle ?
  Translation 2: is that your bicycle ?
  Translation 3: is this your bicycle ?

Sentence ID: 126
  Translation 1: she &apos;s sleeping .
  Translation 2: she &apos;s trying to do the station .
  Translation 3: she is lucky to do the station .

Sentence ID: 483
  Translation 1: I &apos;m lucky to have you as a friend .
  Translation 2: I &apos;m lucky to have you as friend .
  Translation 3: I &apos;m lucky to have a friend of friend .

Sentence ID: 186
  Translation 1: have you ever read a love with a hand ?
  Translation 2: have you ever read a love with a hand ?
  Translation 3: have you ever read a love with a thing ?

Sentence ID: 299
  Translation 1: I &apos;ll make there as much as I can &apos;t .
  Translation 2: I &apos;ll make there as much as I can .
  Translation 3: .

Sentence ID: 338
  Translation 1: the mother does the mother of the table on the table .
  Translation 2: the mother does the mother of the table on the table .
  Translation 3: the mother is going to him the

Sentence ID: 291
  Translation 1: this class is in the boys and the girls .
  Translation 2: this class is in the boys and the girls .
  Translation 3: this class is in the boys and the girls .

Sentence ID: 75
  Translation 1: I don &apos;t want to be too much .
  Translation 2: I don &apos;t like time to be too long .
  Translation 3: I don &apos;t like been too long .

Sentence ID: 63
  Translation 1: she can &apos;t see me time to see him on time .
  Translation 2: she comes to see me time to see me time .
  Translation 3: she can &apos;t see me time to see her else .

Sentence ID: 456
  Translation 1: Layla took her name to his name for this .
  Translation 2: Layla took her name to his name for the sun .
  Translation 3: Layla his name of his name to his name for it .

Sentence ID: 428
  Translation 1: he is just sure that he &apos;s just know it .
  Translation 2: he is just sure that he &apos;s just know it .
  Translation 3: he is just sure that he &apos;s just know that .

Sentence ID: 263
  Translation 1: please give yourself or the train .
  Translation 2: please give up or you &apos;ll get the train .
  Translation 3: please give up or you &apos;ll see the train .

Sentence ID: 211
  Translation 1: I know you &apos;re in love with me !
  Translation 2: I know that you &apos;re in love with me !
  Translation 3: I know you &apos;re in love with me .

Sentence ID: 190
  Translation 1: as I thought that I thought it &apos;s time .
  Translation 2: as I thought that I thought , she &apos;s a doctor .
  Translation 3: as I thought that she &apos;s a doctor .

Sentence ID: 187
  Translation 1: how do you know how to know is the
  Translation 2: how do you know what &apos;s wrong ?
  Translation 3: how do you know how to know ?

Sentence ID: 115
  Translation 1: I know Tom doesn &apos;t like Mary like Mary .
  Translation 2: I know Tom don &apos;t like Mary like Mary .
  Translation 3: I know Tom didn &apos;t like Mary like Mary .

Sentence ID: 108
  Translation 1: it won &apos;t be easy to be easy for you .
  Translation 2: it won &apos;t be easy for you .
  Translation 3: it won &apos;t be easy to be easy to you .

Sentence ID: 110
  Translation 1: I want to talk to you to help me .
  Translation 2: I want to remember you to help me .
  Translation 3: I want to talk to you for me to help me .

Sentence ID: 133
  Translation 1: I still have any other things to do things .
  Translation 2: I still have done more things to do things .
  Translation 3: I still &apos;ve still have done things to do things .

Sentence ID: 201
  Translation 1: that &apos;s why I saw you .
  Translation 2: that &apos;s why I &apos;ve seen you .
  Translation 3: it &apos;s why I sent you why I saw you .

Sentence ID: 209
  Translation 1: Tom closed the door on his room .
  Translation 2: Tom closed the door on his room .
  Translation 3: Tom closed the door the door of his room .

Sentence ID: 213
  Translation 1: .
  Translation 2: .
  Translation 3: I like to see the floor of the right floor .

Sentence ID: 216
  Translation 1: this old cat is almost dead of hungry .
  Translation 2: this old cat is almost dead of hungry .
  Translation 3: this old cat is almost beautiful of hungry .

Sentence ID: 227
  Translation 1: I know Tom is a bit cook .
  Translation 2: I know Tom is a bit person .
  Translation 3: I know Tom is a bit understand .

Sentence ID: 245
  Translation 1: are you sure you want me to help me ?
  Translation 2: are you sure you &apos;re that me ?
  Translation 3: do you have what me to help me

Sentence ID: 277
  Translation 1: a dog has left to the leg .
  Translation 2: a dog has left to the leg .
  Translation 3: a dog has left the leg to the leg .

Sentence ID: 322
  Translation 1: we asked me to get out of the game .
  Translation 2: we asked me to get out of the game .
  Translation 3: I asked me to get out of the game .

Sentence ID: 395
  Translation 1: the boy was born by a window by the window .
  Translation 2: the boy was born by a window by the window .
  Translation 3: the boy was born by a window by the window .

Sentence ID: 459
  Translation 1: let &apos;s go to the park hard on the meeting .
  Translation 2: let &apos;s go to the park hard in the meeting .
  Translation 3: let &apos;s go to the park hard in the meeting .

Sentence ID: 335
  Translation 1: I love Tom &apos;s
  Translation 2: I love the way to his name of his name .
  Translation 3: I love the way to his name of his name .

Sentence ID: 341
  Translation 1: the music is the music of young people .
  Translation 2: the music is the music of the work .
  Translation 3: the music is the music of young people is the work .

Sentence ID: 348
  Translation 1: she made me off to the use of the .
  Translation 2: she made me off to the use of the .
  Translation 3: she made me off to the use of the .

Sentence ID: 357
  Translation 1: I want you to get with me .
  Translation 2: I want you to come with me .
  Translation 3: I want you to keep with me .

Sentence ID: 387
  Translation 1: I want you to get back home .
  Translation 2: I want you to get out of the .
  Translation 3: I want you to go to the party .

Sentence ID: 413
  Translation 1: I have a few @-@ few questions .
  Translation 2: I have a few a few questions at once .
  Translation 3: I have a few @-@ a few questions to news .

Sentence ID: 446
  Translation 1: you have a lot of difficult to keep .
  Translation 2: you have a lot of difficult to keep .
  Translation 3: you have a lot of difficult to keep you .

Sentence ID: 466
  Translation 1: the movie was not so tired .
  Translation 2: the movie was not so bad .
  Translation 3: the movie wasn &apos;t all of the movie .

Sentence ID: 473
  Translation 1: do you go there ?
  Translation 2: ?
  Translation 3: does you go there ?

Sentence ID: 225
  Translation 1: I &apos;ll be happy with you work with you .
  Translation 2: I will be happy with you work with you .
  Translation 3: I &apos;ll be happy with you come with you .

Sentence ID: 271
  Translation 1: our house and we &apos;re going and our house and us .
  Translation 2: our house is going and our house and we get married .
  Translation 3: our house is going and our house and we get married .

Sentence ID: 80
  Translation 1: I &apos;ll get you to the station tomorrow .
  Translation 2: I &apos;ll let you go to the station tomorrow .
  Translation 3: I &apos;ll tell you in the station tomorrow .

Sentence ID: 12
  Translation 1: he &apos;s going to know what I &apos;m going to get out of it .
  Translation 2: he &apos;s going to know what I &apos;m going to get out of it .
  Translation 3: he &apos;s going to know what I &apos;m going to get out of it .

Sentence ID: 351
  Translation 1: do you have something of
  Translation 2: do you have something wrong ?
  Translation 3: do you mind something of a thing ?

Sentence ID: 319
  Translation 1: the snow took out in a day .
  Translation 2: the snow came into a day .
  Translation 3: the snow kept down in a day .

Sentence ID: 358
  Translation 1: I can go there next week .
  Translation 2: I can go there at week next week .
  Translation 3: I can go there at once next week .

Sentence ID: 70
  Translation 1: could you see it more just ?
  Translation 2: could you do it more just ?
  Translation 3: could you do it anymore ?

Sentence ID: 65
  Translation 1: I succeeded to say the book .
  Translation 2: I succeeded to tell the book .
  Translation 3: I went to tell the book .

Sentence ID: 54
  Translation 1: .
  Translation 2: he will be a will get to this party !
  Translation 3: he will be a will get to this party !

Sentence ID: 44
  Translation 1: I know what &apos;s an wrong .
  Translation 2: I know what &apos;s a wrong of this .
  Translation 3: I know what &apos;s a wrong of this .

Sentence ID: 33
  Translation 1: talk your life with your life .
  Translation 2: talk of your life .
  Translation 3: speak please me your life .

Sentence ID: 20
  Translation 1: they don &apos;t have a long time .
  Translation 2: they don &apos;t care so long time
  Translation 3: they don &apos;t care so long time .

Sentence ID: 5
  Translation 1: I wish I &apos;d like to get married .
  Translation 2: I &apos;d like to talk to the well .
  Translation 3: I wish I &apos;d like to make a well .

Sentence ID: 495
  Translation 1: we &apos;re young than one time .
  Translation 2: we is young than one time .
  Translation 3: we is young than a time .

Sentence ID: 453
  Translation 1: do you want to eat the
  Translation 2: do you want to eat the
  Translation 3: do you have any kind of mistakes ?

Sentence ID: 450
  Translation 1: what happened to the dog ?
  Translation 2: what is he lives in dog ?
  Translation 3: what does he arrived at the dog ?

Sentence ID: 363
  Translation 1: she left the use of the meeting .
  Translation 2: she left the use of the meeting .
  Translation 3: she left the use of the meeting .

Sentence ID: 316
  Translation 1: I went to the store in the store .
  Translation 2: I went to the store on the store .
  Translation 3: I went to the store of the store .

Sentence ID: 356
  Translation 1: I lost the of the time of the time .
  Translation 2: I lost the way of the time .
  Translation 3: I lost the part of the time .

Sentence ID: 304
  Translation 1: please take her , please .
  Translation 2: please remember his , please .
  Translation 3: please take his , please .

Sentence ID: 283
  Translation 1: the France is tell the only one of France .
  Translation 2: the France is tell the only one of France .
  Translation 3: the France is tell the only one of the France .

Sentence ID: 279
  Translation 1: the of children are children of children .
  Translation 2: the most of children will take them .
  Translation 3: the most of children will take them .

Sentence ID: 274
  Translation 1: I need a new question .
  Translation 2: I need a new question .
  Translation 3: I need a watch to a new family .

Sentence ID: 269
  Translation 1: it was not in my place .
  Translation 2: it was not in my place .
  Translation 3: it was not in my place wasn .

Sentence ID: 60
  Translation 1: I &apos;d like to don &apos;t want to go so much .
  Translation 2: I &apos;d like to don &apos;t want to go so much to go .
  Translation 3: I &apos;d like to don &apos;t like it there .

Sentence ID: 492
  Translation 1: there were no one .
  Translation 2: there were no one .
  Translation 3: there were no matter .

Sentence ID: 173
  Translation 1: do you know that ?
  Translation 2: do you know anything ?
  Translation 3: ?

Sentence ID: 16
  Translation 1: women like to get married .
  Translation 2: women want to get out of questions .
  Translation 3: women want to get married .

Sentence ID: 9
  Translation 1: there is no one .
  Translation 2: there is no one .
  Translation 3: there &apos;s no light .

Sentence ID: 171
  Translation 1: I &apos;ve got up the ready to Tom .
  Translation 2: I &apos;ve got up the ready to Tom .
  Translation 3: I &apos;ve got up the right to Tom .

Sentence ID: 119
  Translation 1: I &apos;m not tired of everything .
  Translation 2: I &apos;m not tired of everything .
  Translation 3: I &apos;m not tired of the everything .

Sentence ID: 243
  Translation 1: he speaks as if he knew everything .
  Translation 2: he talks as if he knew everything .
  Translation 3: he speaks as if he knew that .

Sentence ID: 212
  Translation 1: the mother is going to get the mother of the United
  Translation 2: the mother is going to get the mother of the United
  Translation 3: the mother is going to get the mother of the United

Sentence ID: 192
  Translation 1: he left the box on the table .
  Translation 2: he took down the box on the table .
  Translation 3: he went back on the table on the table .

Sentence ID: 164
  Translation 1: I &apos;d like you to go to my parents .
  Translation 2: I &apos;d like you to meet my parents .
  Translation 3: I &apos;d like you to get into my parents .

Sentence ID: 122
  Translation 1: do you know where are the others ?
  Translation 2: do you know where is the others ?
  Translation 3: do you know where are you others ?

Sentence ID: 120
  Translation 1: who would you like to talk with you ?
  Translation 2: who would you want to talk with you ?
  Translation 3: who would you want to talk to ?

Sentence ID: 87
  Translation 1: is it all wrong ?
  Translation 2: is that kind of those ?
  Translation 3: is that kind of those ?

Sentence ID: 24
  Translation 1: you &apos;re lucky to have a job .
  Translation 2: you are lucky to have a job .
  Translation 3: you &apos;re lucky to have an job .

Sentence ID: 480
  Translation 1: I don &apos;t remember that .
  Translation 2: I don &apos;t feel like that .
  Translation 3: I don &apos;t remember anything .

Sentence ID: 475
  Translation 1: she didn &apos;t even say thank she .
  Translation 2: she didn &apos;t even say thank her .
  Translation 3: she didn &apos;t even say thank it .

Sentence ID: 461
  Translation 1: I saw him at the village .
  Translation 2: I saw him at the saw .
  Translation 3: I saw him at the hospital .

Sentence ID: 474
  Translation 1: we &apos;ll find the truth in the world .
  Translation 2: we &apos;ll get the truth in the world .
  Translation 3: we &apos;d like the truth in the world .

Sentence ID: 217
  Translation 1: how did you plan on the careful ?
  Translation 2: how did you plan on the careful ?
  Translation 3: how did you plan on the way ?

Sentence ID: 275
  Translation 1: I have to remember to you for your success .
  Translation 2: I must have to get you to your success for your success .
  Translation 3: I have to get you to your success for your success .

Sentence ID: 280
  Translation 1: do you don &apos;t know his name ?
  Translation 2: don &apos;t you know his name ?
  Translation 3: can &apos;t you know his name ?

Sentence ID: 350
  Translation 1: this father has a very old job .
  Translation 2: this father has a very old job .
  Translation 3: this father has a very old student has a very good question .

Sentence ID: 416
  Translation 1: do you want me to help you
  Translation 2: do you want me to help you ?
  Translation 3: would you want me to help you

Sentence ID: 430
  Translation 1: the fish won &apos;t come today .
  Translation 2: the fish didn &apos;t come today .
  Translation 3: the fish didn &apos;t come today .

Sentence ID: 438
  Translation 1: Tom needs to do that now .
  Translation 2: Tom need to do that now .
  Translation 3: Tom needs to do this now .

Sentence ID: 455
  Translation 1: does it go to me ?
  Translation 2: is it me ?
  Translation 3: does it come me ?

Sentence ID: 131
  Translation 1: I took a glass to I have a time .
  Translation 2: I took a glass to I have a time .
  Translation 3: I took a glass to I have a lunch .

Sentence ID: 137
  Translation 1: please talk to me your mind .
  Translation 2: please talk to me your mind .
  Translation 3: have me to talk to your mind .

Sentence ID: 150
  Translation 1: no .
  Translation 2: no , just is this one .
  Translation 3: no , just there is this one .

Sentence ID: 208
  Translation 1: get out of water .
  Translation 2: come out of water .
  Translation 3: don &apos;t get out of water .

Sentence ID: 210
  Translation 1: I have here .
  Translation 2: I have here with your feelings here .
  Translation 3: I have here to have your feelings here .

Sentence ID: 305
  Translation 1: do you get out of the light ?
  Translation 2: do you get out of the light ?
  Translation 3: do you get off the light ?

Sentence ID: 311
  Translation 1: I forgot to tell him to tell him .
  Translation 2: I forgot to told him to tell him .
  Translation 3: I forgot to tell him about him .

Sentence ID: 333
  Translation 1: I &apos;m not one of a job .
  Translation 2: I &apos;m not one of a job .
  Translation 3: I &apos;m not one of a job .

Sentence ID: 345
  Translation 1: boys have an boys to get the boys .
  Translation 2: boys have an boys to get the boys .
  Translation 3: boys have an boys to have a job .

Sentence ID: 378
  Translation 1: it &apos;s not a hard time , isn &apos;t it .
  Translation 2: it &apos;s not a lot of this .
  Translation 3: it &apos;s not a hard time , aren &apos;t it .

Sentence ID: 381
  Translation 1: it &apos;s not my best teacher .
  Translation 2: it &apos;s not my best of my best .
  Translation 3: it &apos;s not my best a teacher .

Sentence ID: 386
  Translation 1: you &apos;re more than Mary than Mary .
  Translation 2: you &apos;re more anything than Mary .
  Translation 3: you &apos;re more than Mary than Mary is more than Mary .

Sentence ID: 415
  Translation 1: do the go out of here .
  Translation 2: do the go out of here ?
  Translation 3: do the go out of here from here .

Sentence ID: 494
  Translation 1: you should have your mind to lose .
  Translation 2: you should have kept your mind to her .
  Translation 3: you should have to have fun in your office .

Sentence ID: 43
  Translation 1: Tom doesn &apos;t tell you nothing ?
  Translation 2: Tom didn &apos;t tell you nothing ?
  Translation 3: Tom doesn &apos;t tell you anything ?

Sentence ID: 46
  Translation 1: this room seems killed .
  Translation 2: this room seems their room .
  Translation 3: this room seems to her room .

Sentence ID: 64
  Translation 1: don &apos;t leave on this matter .
  Translation 2: don &apos;t leave on this matter .
  Translation 3: don &apos;t leave on this way .

Sentence ID: 68
  Translation 1: can you keep this bicycle ?
  Translation 2: can you keep this bag ?
  Translation 3: can you keep this days ?

Sentence ID: 74
  Translation 1: it &apos;s very easy to be easy .
  Translation 2: it &apos;s very easy to easy .
  Translation 3: it &apos;s very easy to have very easy .

Sentence ID: 22
  Translation 1: you must learn to learn to learn to learn to learn .
  Translation 2: you must learn to learn to learn to learn to .
  Translation 3: you must learn to learn to learn to learn to you .

Sentence ID: 214
  Translation 1: how did I eat to eat ?
  Translation 2: how am I eat to eat ?
  Translation 3: how did I eat that ?

Sentence ID: 193
  Translation 1: the kitchen is interesting .
  Translation 2: the kitchen &apos;s cooking is interesting .
  Translation 3: the kitchen &apos;s cooking is interesting .

Sentence ID: 419
  Translation 1: call me when you want me to want .
  Translation 2: call me when you want me to go .
  Translation 3: call me when you want me to .

Sentence ID: 73
  Translation 1: is Tom done
  Translation 2: does Tom become crazy ?
  Translation 3: does Tom buy crazy ?

Sentence ID: 140
  Translation 1: there &apos;s a table .
  Translation 2: there are a table .
  Translation 3: there is a table .

Sentence ID: 464
  Translation 1: do you often have the accident ?
  Translation 2: do you often have the hospital ?
  Translation 3: do you often have the hospital ?

Sentence ID: 6
  Translation 1: I don &apos;t go to wine wine .
  Translation 2: I don &apos;t want to talk about wine .
  Translation 3: I don &apos;t want to drink wine .

Sentence ID: 8
  Translation 1: Tom is more than me than me .
  Translation 2: Tom is taller than me .
  Translation 3: Tom is more than me .

Sentence ID: 15
  Translation 1: Tom doesn &apos;t like the word .
  Translation 2: Tom doesn &apos;t like the word .
  Translation 3: Tom doesn &apos;t like the truth .

Sentence ID: 124
  Translation 1: this car has an never has a person .
  Translation 2: this car has an never has a person .
  Translation 3: this car has an never has a person .

Sentence ID: 32
  Translation 1: do you have already met ?
  Translation 2: do you have already met it ?
  Translation 3: do you have already met him ?

Sentence ID: 42
  Translation 1: she took him a life life .
  Translation 2: she made a life life .
  Translation 3: she doesn &apos;t have a life life .

Sentence ID: 62
  Translation 1: that &apos;s only a child .
  Translation 2: this is only a child .
  Translation 3: it &apos;s only a child .

Sentence ID: 72
  Translation 1: they have what they &apos;re thinking .
  Translation 2: they have what they &apos;re thinking .
  Translation 3: they have what they were thinking .

Sentence ID: 76
  Translation 1: it &apos;s a good picture .
  Translation 2: he &apos;s a good picture .
  Translation 3: he is a good picture .

Sentence ID: 84
  Translation 1: the health is out of the health .
  Translation 2: the health is up to bed .
  Translation 3: the health is up to the health .

Sentence ID: 89
  Translation 1: I think Tom is awake .
  Translation 2: I think Tom &apos;s awake .
  Translation 3: I think Tom is correct .

Sentence ID: 93
  Translation 1: do you have this water ?
  Translation 2: do you have any water this water ?
  Translation 3: do you have any water that water ?

Sentence ID: 169
  Translation 1: better is not going to think there .
  Translation 2: better is not think of us there .
  Translation 3: better is not thinking of us there .

Sentence ID: 410
  Translation 1: I don &apos;t like your business .
  Translation 2: I don &apos;t like your mind .
  Translation 3: I don &apos;t like your name .

Sentence ID: 457
  Translation 1: I don &apos;t have a teacher .
  Translation 2: I don &apos;t have a teacher .
  Translation 3: I don &apos;t have a ticket .

Sentence ID: 470
  Translation 1: what are you supposed to do ?
  Translation 2: what &apos;re you supposed to do ?
  Translation 3: what are you going to do ?

Sentence ID: 496
  Translation 1: please give me the address .
  Translation 2: please tell me the address .
  Translation 3: please give me the address to me .

Sentence ID: 55
  Translation 1: Tom didn &apos;t know how to keep it .
  Translation 2: Tom doesn &apos;t know how to make it .
  Translation 3: Tom didn &apos;t know how to make it .

Sentence ID: 81
  Translation 1: he took a few days later .
  Translation 2: he made a few days later .
  Translation 3: he turned a few days later .

Sentence ID: 116
  Translation 1: what &apos;s wrong ?
  Translation 2: what &apos;s the answer ?
  Translation 3: what &apos;s the answer ?

Sentence ID: 151
  Translation 1: .
  Translation 2: I &apos;m looking for my baby baby in the meeting .
  Translation 3: I &apos;m looking for my baby baby in the dark .

Sentence ID: 156
  Translation 1: I didn &apos;t know how to leave him .
  Translation 2: I don &apos;t know how to talk that .
  Translation 3: I didn &apos;t know how to talk that .

Sentence ID: 91
  Translation 1: I thought you &apos;d be here .
  Translation 2: I thought you &apos;d be here for here .
  Translation 3: I thought you would be here .

Sentence ID: 188
  Translation 1: you don &apos;t have , so ?
  Translation 2: you won &apos;t be , so you ?
  Translation 3: you won &apos;t go , so you ?

Sentence ID: 220
  Translation 1: he had me to talk to me .
  Translation 2: he had me to try the try to me .
  Translation 3: he gave me the try to help me .

Sentence ID: 301
  Translation 1: let &apos;s get this one of the words .
  Translation 2: let &apos;s get this one of the words .
  Translation 3: let &apos;s get this one of the words .

Sentence ID: 362
  Translation 1: you &apos;ll be this one who is it .
  Translation 2: you &apos;ll be this one who is it .
  Translation 3: you &apos;ll be one who who the him of

Sentence ID: 364
  Translation 1: I don &apos;t want to lose Mary .
  Translation 2: I don &apos;t want to leave Mary .
  Translation 3: I don &apos;t want to lose I want Mary .

Sentence ID: 447
  Translation 1: she lives in a bank in a hurry .
  Translation 2: she lives in a bank in a hurry .
  Translation 3: she lived in a hurry in a hurry .

Sentence ID: 320
  Translation 1: I don &apos;t know if I can stay alone .
  Translation 2: I don &apos;t know if I can stay stay .
  Translation 3: I don &apos;t know if I can go if I can stay .

Sentence ID: 121
  Translation 1: I &apos;d like to help them if I &apos;d want to help them .
  Translation 2: I &apos;d like to help them if I would like to help them .
  Translation 3: I &apos;d like to help them if I &apos;d like to help them .

Sentence ID: 397
  Translation 1: there &apos;s a lot of money .
  Translation 2: there is a lot of money .
  Translation 3: there are a lot of money .

Sentence ID: 79
  Translation 1: come with me at the station with me .
  Translation 2: come with me in the station with me .
  Translation 3: come with me to the station with me .

Sentence ID: 101
  Translation 1: is there your friends ?
  Translation 2: is he on your friends ?
  Translation 3: does he have your friends ?

Sentence ID: 128
  Translation 1: I don &apos;t like just alone .
  Translation 2: I don &apos;t like much alone .
  Translation 3: I don &apos;t like late alone .

Sentence ID: 141
  Translation 1: she came for a man for a man .
  Translation 2: she felt for a man for a man .
  Translation 3: she found for a man for a man .

Sentence ID: 161
  Translation 1: Tom is watching money .
  Translation 2: Tom is about the money .
  Translation 3: Tom is at the money .

Sentence ID: 200
  Translation 1: I &apos;ll get the back out every year .
  Translation 2: I &apos;ll get the back out every year .
  Translation 3: I &apos;ll keep the back by all year .

Sentence ID: 206
  Translation 1: he likes walk in the park .
  Translation 2: he likes to walk in the park .
  Translation 3: he likes never in the park .

Sentence ID: 403
  Translation 1: he can come come when he can come .
  Translation 2: he can come back when he can come .
  Translation 3: he can come to come when he can come .

Sentence ID: 235
  Translation 1: the one who will get out of the meeting .
  Translation 2: the one who will get out of the meeting .
  Translation 3: the one who will get out of the meeting .

Sentence ID: 241
  Translation 1: you &apos;re too old to me .
  Translation 2: you &apos;re too old to me to me .
  Translation 3: you &apos;re too old me to me .

Sentence ID: 250
  Translation 1: they don &apos;t have to go .
  Translation 2: they aren &apos;t at the right .
  Translation 3: they don &apos;t have to go about they .

Sentence ID: 287
  Translation 1: Tom was one of the kids .
  Translation 2: Tom was one of the end of the past .
  Translation 3: Tom was one of the end of the past .

Sentence ID: 295
  Translation 1: I &apos;m looking forward to his back .
  Translation 2: I &apos;m looking forward to his back .
  Translation 3: .

Sentence ID: 337
  Translation 1: you should think about your future .
  Translation 2: you should think of your future .
  Translation 3: you should have to believe your future .

Sentence ID: 343
  Translation 1: how much did you get off ?
  Translation 2: how many do you have any show ?
  Translation 3: how many do you have any show ?

Sentence ID: 221
  Translation 1: .
  Translation 2: .
  Translation 3: I have a few @-@ few @-@ few @-@ a few few few @-@ &apos;ve have a few @-@ few few few few few @-@ few @-@ have .

Sentence ID: 389
  Translation 1: I &apos;m not big !
  Translation 2: I &apos;m not big !
  Translation 3: I &apos;m not fat !

Sentence ID: 398
  Translation 1: I &apos;m not allowed .
  Translation 2: I &apos;m not in love .
  Translation 3: I &apos;m not afraid of that .

Sentence ID: 408
  Translation 1: is this your wife ?
  Translation 2: is that your wife ?
  Translation 3: is it your wife ?

Sentence ID: 412
  Translation 1: a job was killed .
  Translation 2: a old was killed .
  Translation 3: a old was killed .

Sentence ID: 421
  Translation 1: let &apos;s go to school .
  Translation 2: let &apos;s go to school .
  Translation 3: let &apos;s go to school .

Sentence ID: 427
  Translation 1: this coffee is the so coffee .
  Translation 2: this coffee is the train coffee .
  Translation 3: this coffee is the last coffee .

Sentence ID: 432
  Translation 1: I need a drink .
  Translation 2: I need a drink I need a drink .
  Translation 3: I need a drink to me a drink .

Sentence ID: 477
  Translation 1: do you like to play the
  Translation 2: do you like to play the
  Translation 3: do you like to see the

Sentence ID: 479
  Translation 1: do you have any best ?
  Translation 2: do you have any took ?
  Translation 3: do you have any friend ?

Sentence ID: 487
  Translation 1: you &apos;re all wrong !
  Translation 2: you &apos;re all at all !
  Translation 3: you &apos;re all at all ! you &apos;re right .

Sentence ID: 490
  Translation 1: the train is in the train .
  Translation 2: the train is crying .
  Translation 3: the train is on the train .

Sentence ID: 10
  Translation 1: Tom and let Tom and let Tom
  Translation 2: Tom and let Tom and let Tom
  Translation 3: Tom and let Tom and let &apos;s

Sentence ID: 23
  Translation 1: let &apos;s a good person in a hurry .
  Translation 2: let &apos;s a good person in a hurry .
  Translation 3: let &apos;s a good person in a hurry .

Sentence ID: 27
  Translation 1: it gives me the
  Translation 2: I will give me up !
  Translation 3: I &apos;ll give me up !

Sentence ID: 78
  Translation 1: I &apos;m in love this evening .
  Translation 2: I &apos;m living in this evening .
  Translation 3: I &apos;m in love tonight tonight .

Sentence ID: 370
  Translation 1: Tom was on time .
  Translation 2: Tom was on the time .
  Translation 3: Tom was at the time .

Sentence ID: 286
  Translation 1: I like a lot of mine .
  Translation 2: I like really a lot of mine .
  Translation 3: I like a lot of mine mine .

Sentence ID: 256
  Translation 1: can I ask her who can ask ?
  Translation 2: can I ask ask that ?
  Translation 3: can I ask him who can ask ?

Sentence ID: 238
  Translation 1: I have all to have everything .
  Translation 2: I their them all of it .
  Translation 3: I their them all of I have everything .

Sentence ID: 232
  Translation 1: I like to get married now .
  Translation 2: I really like to see them .
  Translation 3: I really like to get married now .

Sentence ID: 180
  Translation 1: I took him the floor in him .
  Translation 2: I took him to the floor at him .
  Translation 3: I took him for him to took him .

Sentence ID: 134
  Translation 1: he has changed now .
  Translation 2: he has a lot of them .
  Translation 3: he has changed to help them .

Sentence ID: 51
  Translation 1: Tom took a beer on a beer .
  Translation 2: Tom made a beer beer .
  Translation 3: Tom knows a beer beer .

Sentence ID: 45
  Translation 1: you &apos;ll get out of everything .
  Translation 2: you &apos;ll get out of everything .
  Translation 3: you seem to get out of everything .

Sentence ID: 3
  Translation 1: he took down his hand .
  Translation 2: he turned down his coat .
  Translation 3: he made up his mother on his hand .

Sentence ID: 400
  Translation 1: who did you get it ?
  Translation 2: who did you get him ?
  Translation 3: who did you find it ?

Sentence ID: 376
  Translation 1: everyone is hate .
  Translation 2: everybody is hate .
  Translation 3: everyone &apos;s hate the world .

Sentence ID: 168
  Translation 1: you know everyone to everyone the world .
  Translation 2: you know everyone .
  Translation 3: you know everyone the world .

Sentence ID: 407
  Translation 1: do you remember that .
  Translation 2: give yourself that .
  Translation 3: please remember that .

Sentence ID: 17
  Translation 1: thank it , that will be everything .
  Translation 2: thank it , it will be everything .
  Translation 3: thank you , it will be everything .

Sentence ID: 153
  Translation 1: Tom is a old one of them .
  Translation 2: Tom is a old one of them .
  Translation 3: Tom is a old one of a teacher .

Sentence ID: 135
  Translation 1: you may tell me everything you can tell me .
  Translation 2: you can tell me tell me .
  Translation 3: you may tell me anything .

Sentence ID: 375
  Translation 1: she seems to find all alone .
  Translation 2: she seems out of him all alone .
  Translation 3: she seems to get up all alone .

Sentence ID: 377
  Translation 1: we &apos;ll make there .
  Translation 2: we &apos;ll have a lot of time .
  Translation 3: we &apos;ll have a doctor with us .

Sentence ID: 163
  Translation 1: thank you from the world too much .
  Translation 2: thank you from the world too much .
  Translation 3: thank you of the future out of the world .

Sentence ID: 149
  Translation 1: don &apos;t do anything to do anything .
  Translation 2: don &apos;t touch anything about nothing .
  Translation 3: don &apos;t leave anything about nothing .

Sentence ID: 454
  Translation 1: you remember me your brother me your brother .
  Translation 2: you remember me your brother .
  Translation 3: you look myself me your brother .

Sentence ID: 390
  Translation 1: I &apos;m really married .
  Translation 2: I &apos;m really really married .
  Translation 3: I &apos;m really really married .

Sentence ID: 383
  Translation 1: I &apos;m so interested you so late .
  Translation 2: I &apos;m so difficult to you so late .
  Translation 3: I &apos;m so difficult to you so late .

Sentence ID: 365
  Translation 1: .
  Translation 2: I &apos;ve got to get out of the meeting .
  Translation 3: I &apos;ve got to get out of the meeting .

Sentence ID: 293
  Translation 1: I &apos;m just going to get up to get up .
  Translation 2: I &apos;m just going to get up to get up .
  Translation 3: I &apos;m going to get up to a lot of old .

Sentence ID: 285
  Translation 1: they want to see you dead .
  Translation 2: they want to see you death .
  Translation 3: they want to see you something .

Sentence ID: 267
  Translation 1: your have had a lot of lot .
  Translation 2: your never would have a lot of lot .
  Translation 3: your haven had a lot of lot .

Sentence ID: 195
  Translation 1: he wrote a lot of letter .
  Translation 2: he wrote a long letter .
  Translation 3: he wrote a lot to letter .

Sentence ID: 154
  Translation 1: I think the answer .
  Translation 2: I think the answer &apos;s answer .
  Translation 3: I think the answer . I think the answer .

Sentence ID: 109
  Translation 1: are you your parents parents ?
  Translation 2: do you know your parents ?
  Translation 3: are you your parents like your parents ?

Sentence ID: 265
  Translation 1: Tom was a tired to Tom .
  Translation 2: Tom was a tired to Tom out .
  Translation 3: Tom was a tired to Tom for me .

Sentence ID: 270
  Translation 1: they won &apos;t leave him .
  Translation 2: they won &apos;t do it up .
  Translation 3: they won &apos;t do it up .

Sentence ID: 272
  Translation 1: Tom has been to the the floor .
  Translation 2: Tom has been to the the floor .
  Translation 3: Tom has been to the the floor .

Sentence ID: 298
  Translation 1: do you have some questions ?
  Translation 2: do you have any questions ?
  Translation 3: do you have the

Sentence ID: 139
  Translation 1: he doesn &apos;t go to you .
  Translation 2: he doesn &apos;t talk to you .
  Translation 3: he doesn &apos;t go to you yet .

Sentence ID: 306
  Translation 1: a great has four four @-@ four four !
  Translation 2: a great has four four @-@ four four !
  Translation 3: a great has four four @-@ four four !

Sentence ID: 325
  Translation 1: I &apos;m going to go out by there .
  Translation 2: I go to go by there .
  Translation 3: I &apos;m going to go by there by there .

Sentence ID: 347
  Translation 1: thank you for you to be careful .
  Translation 2: thank you of you to be careful .
  Translation 3: thank you to be more careful to you .

Sentence ID: 393
  Translation 1: she took down his best to her school .
  Translation 2: she took down his best to her school .
  Translation 3: she took down his best to her school .

Sentence ID: 417
  Translation 1: I have a shower to have a shower .
  Translation 2: I &apos;ve got a shower to have a shower .
  Translation 3: I &apos;ve got a shower to have a shower .

Sentence ID: 441
  Translation 1: I &apos;m tired of reading for reading .
  Translation 2: I &apos;m tired of reading out of reading .
  Translation 3: I &apos;m tired of read out of reading .

Sentence ID: 31
  Translation 1: .
  Translation 2: .
  Translation 3: I &apos;m sorry , too I &apos;m .

Sentence ID: 331
  Translation 1: you &apos;re lucky if you have been a few questions .
  Translation 2: you &apos;re lucky if you have been a few questions .
  Translation 3: you &apos;re lucky if you have been a few .

Sentence ID: 117
  Translation 1: call a doctor .
  Translation 2: call a doctor in a doctor !
  Translation 3: call a doctor is a doctor !

Sentence ID: 138
  Translation 1: they &apos;re very intelligent .
  Translation 2: they &apos;re very careful .
  Translation 3: they are very kind of this .

Sentence ID: 157
  Translation 1: look at the rain .
  Translation 2: look at the rain &apos;s
  Translation 3: look at the way .

Sentence ID: 184
  Translation 1: she took down his
  Translation 2: she took down his
  Translation 3: she took off his mind to her a hand .

Sentence ID: 198
  Translation 1: the boys were leaving .
  Translation 2: the boys were out of them .
  Translation 3: the boys were out of them .

Sentence ID: 202
  Translation 1: it &apos;s very good .
  Translation 2: this is very good .
  Translation 3: that &apos;s very good .

Sentence ID: 207
  Translation 1: do you think it ?
  Translation 2: do you think this ?
  Translation 3: do you think that ?

Sentence ID: 401
  Translation 1: in the door .
  Translation 2: in the door !
  Translation 3: in the door opened the door .

Sentence ID: 218
  Translation 1: it was very kind of this .
  Translation 2: it was very kind of this .
  Translation 3: it was very kind of this .

Sentence ID: 219
  Translation 1: Tom is a natural student .
  Translation 2: Tom is a natural student .
  Translation 3: Tom is a natural student .

Sentence ID: 223
  Translation 1: what are these the matter ?
  Translation 2: what are these supposed to ?
  Translation 3: what are these supposed to ?

Sentence ID: 224
  Translation 1: she took down the door in the door .
  Translation 2: she found the door in the door .
  Translation 3: she took off the door in the door .

Sentence ID: 261
  Translation 1: it won &apos;t do anything .
  Translation 2: that won &apos;t do anything .
  Translation 3: it won &apos;t do anything anymore .

Sentence ID: 264
  Translation 1: we were caught .
  Translation 2: we were on us .
  Translation 3: we were on us to the other .

Sentence ID: 102
  Translation 1: these thing are done .
  Translation 2: these thing are waiting for those .
  Translation 3: those of these hair are important .

Sentence ID: 97
  Translation 1: you speak my language my language .
  Translation 2: you &apos;re talking my language .
  Translation 3: you &apos;ll find my language my language .

Sentence ID: 14
  Translation 1: I &apos;m very tired .
  Translation 2: I &apos;m very surprised .
  Translation 3: I &apos;m very surprised .

Sentence ID: 0
  Translation 1: I &apos;m going to be here .
  Translation 2: I &apos;m going to be here to be here .
  Translation 3: let &apos;s go here to be here .

Sentence ID: 433
  Translation 1: are you excited ?
  Translation 2: are you sure ?
  Translation 3: are you tired ?

Sentence ID: 368
  Translation 1: not enough enough enough .
  Translation 2: don &apos;t have enough right now .
  Translation 3: don &apos;t have enough enough .

Sentence ID: 344
  Translation 1: leave your gun .
  Translation 2: let your gun .
  Translation 3: let your daughter !

Sentence ID: 326
  Translation 1: .
  Translation 2: I don &apos;t need to get out of them .
  Translation 3: I don &apos;t need to get up out of the .

Sentence ID: 251
  Translation 1: she took him to get up down .
  Translation 2: she took him to get up down .
  Translation 3: she took him to get up down .

Sentence ID: 228
  Translation 1: they call him up the did .
  Translation 2: they call him up the did .
  Translation 3: they call him up the did it .

Sentence ID: 197
  Translation 1: he fell himself .
  Translation 2: he got himself .
  Translation 3: he got himself .

Sentence ID: 144
  Translation 1: are you sure ?
  Translation 2: are you sure ?
  Translation 3: are you safe ?

Sentence ID: 92
  Translation 1: we lost together together .
  Translation 2: we &apos;ve got together together .
  Translation 3: we &apos;ve come together together .

Sentence ID: 38
  Translation 1: the experience is important .
  Translation 2: the experience is important with her .
  Translation 3: the experience is hour .

Sentence ID: 307
  Translation 1: what &apos;s the idea ?
  Translation 2: what is the idea ?
  Translation 3: what &apos;s the idea of the idea ?

Sentence ID: 276
  Translation 1: she made him up him .
  Translation 2: she made him up him .
  Translation 3: she made him up him .

Sentence ID: 472
  Translation 1: we &apos;ll go to the movies .
  Translation 2: we &apos;ll go to the movies for the meeting .
  Translation 3: we &apos;ll go to the movies of the meeting .

Sentence ID: 443
  Translation 1: he hope to see her in Paris .
  Translation 2: he hope to marry Paris in Paris .
  Translation 3: he hope to meet him in Paris .

Sentence ID: 411
  Translation 1: I want to leave Paris in Paris .
  Translation 2: I want to leave on Paris .
  Translation 3: I want to leave Paris Paris .

Sentence ID: 394
  Translation 1: do you have a ticket ?
  Translation 2: do you have a ticket ?
  Translation 3: do you have a day ?

Sentence ID: 380
  Translation 1: you &apos;re going to do anything .
  Translation 2: you &apos;re going to do anything .
  Translation 3: you &apos;re going to do that .

Sentence ID: 367
  Translation 1: I want to eat you to eat .
  Translation 2: I want to eat you to eat up .
  Translation 3: I want to eat you right now .

Sentence ID: 360
  Translation 1: I read a letter .
  Translation 2: I read an letter .
  Translation 3: I read a letter to letter .

Sentence ID: 339
  Translation 1: you &apos;re looking for you .
  Translation 2: you &apos;re going to talk to you .
  Translation 3: you &apos;re sorry for you .

Sentence ID: 244
  Translation 1: he turned down quickly .
  Translation 2: he turned out quickly .
  Translation 3: he turned down her quickly .

Sentence ID: 237
  Translation 1: my mother lives alone .
  Translation 2: my mother lives alone in my place .
  Translation 3: my mother lives only in my mother .

Sentence ID: 130
  Translation 1: I think Tom &apos;s cold .
  Translation 2: I think Tom &apos;s cold .
  Translation 3: I think Tom is drunk .

Sentence ID: 13
  Translation 1: he turned down his
  Translation 2: he turned down his
  Translation 3: he took down his

Sentence ID: 476
  Translation 1: Tom could do that .
  Translation 2: Tom could could do that .
  Translation 3: Tom could do it that .

Sentence ID: 2
  Translation 1: I close the door ?
  Translation 2: do I put the door ?
  Translation 3: could I put the door ?

Sentence ID: 284
  Translation 1: I love this ticket .
  Translation 2: I love this car .
  Translation 3: I love this name .

Sentence ID: 309
  Translation 1: this is an one .
  Translation 2: this is an one .
  Translation 3: this is an one of a rich .

Sentence ID: 310
  Translation 1: we have to give us again .
  Translation 2: we need to give us again .
  Translation 3: we need to stop us .

Sentence ID: 336
  Translation 1: he was a lot of yours .
  Translation 2: he was a lot of yours .
  Translation 3: he was a lot of yours .

Sentence ID: 359
  Translation 1: she took down the children .
  Translation 2: she took down the children .
  Translation 3: she took off the children .

Sentence ID: 399
  Translation 1: one of the will get out of them .
  Translation 2: one of the will get out of them .
  Translation 3: one of the will get out of her .

Sentence ID: 402
  Translation 1: it was a complete student .
  Translation 2: it was a complete student .
  Translation 3: it was a complete student .

Sentence ID: 405
  Translation 1: I &apos;m a friend friend .
  Translation 2: I am a friend friend .
  Translation 3: I &apos;m an friend of a friend .

Sentence ID: 434
  Translation 1: the snow turned down the snow .
  Translation 2: the snow took down the snow .
  Translation 3: the snow took out the snow .

Sentence ID: 439
  Translation 1: it &apos;s a good student .
  Translation 2: it &apos;s a good student .
  Translation 3: it &apos;s a good student .

Sentence ID: 458
  Translation 1: I &apos;m very tired .
  Translation 2: I &apos;m very tired .
  Translation 3: I &apos;m very interested in the United

Sentence ID: 253
  Translation 1: a little !
  Translation 2: a little !
  Translation 3: get a little !

Sentence ID: 56
  Translation 1: there
  Translation 2: he will be alone alone .
  Translation 3: he turned down alone alone .

Sentence ID: 99
  Translation 1: it &apos;s kind of danger .
  Translation 2: it &apos;s kind of fun .
  Translation 3: it &apos;s kind of this .

Sentence ID: 145
  Translation 1: he was going to go together .
  Translation 2: he was going to go together .
  Translation 3: he was going to get married .

Sentence ID: 189
  Translation 1: it &apos;s kind of danger .
  Translation 2: it &apos;s kind of fun .
  Translation 3: it &apos;s kind of this .

Sentence ID: 231
  Translation 1: we want Tom to Tom Tom .
  Translation 2: we want Tom .
  Translation 3: we want Tom to buy Tom .

Sentence ID: 239
  Translation 1: you &apos;re easy for you .
  Translation 2: you &apos;re afraid of you .
  Translation 3: you &apos;re afraid of you &apos;re on .

Sentence ID: 273
  Translation 1: it &apos;s cold cold .
  Translation 2: it is cold cold .
  Translation 3: he is cold cold .

Sentence ID: 323
  Translation 1: I &apos;m glad !
  Translation 2: I &apos;m sure
  Translation 3: I &apos;m sure !

Sentence ID: 409
  Translation 1: I &apos;m poor .
  Translation 2: I &apos;m so poor .
  Translation 3: I am poor .

Sentence ID: 484
  Translation 1: she &apos;s smart to a
  Translation 2: she &apos;s a nice student .
  Translation 3: she &apos;s a nice student .

Sentence ID: 71
  Translation 1: let &apos;s go to the right .
  Translation 2: let &apos;s go to the right .
  Translation 3: let &apos;s go to the right .

Sentence ID: 388
  Translation 1: Tom is terrible .
  Translation 2: Tom is a famous Tom .
  Translation 3: Tom is a famous Tom .

Sentence ID: 482
  Translation 1: you &apos;re in love .
  Translation 2: you &apos;re in love .
  Translation 3: you &apos;re in love with you .

Sentence ID: 498
  Translation 1: let
  Translation 2: let
  Translation 3: let !

Sentence ID: 374
  Translation 1: in bed !
  Translation 2: go to bed !
  Translation 3: in bed .

